---
title: My very first post
date: 2021-11-19
details: Getting set
tags: jekyll git github
---
Unsure if this is even working yet I'm already thinking about the next steps.

## Is this working?
So I've spent most of the evening getting this website up. Just getting a website up on github was easy enough but not enough. I *needed* something fancier that suits me. The theme minimal-mistakes had some nice features and actually some nice colour variations to chose from. At the time of writing I'm still not sure if this will work but I have to begin somewhere.

## Things to add
At the moment I know a few things I want added:
- [x] Link to planarally
- [ ] Link to separate d&d blog for campaign journaling.
	
	I would very much like separate "categories" for different campaigns.
- [ ] Well much more has to be done before any of this can take place...

- [x] map.azzco.xyz for planarally
- [ ] top level domain to github instead of subdomain "blog"
	It seems that this causes more headaches than I'm willing to deal with. I'll make a nice landing page and serve it on nginx with matching navbar to unify the subdomains somewhat.


# Needs exploration
Static website for d&d journaling as well. Would really like a nice player's handbook inspired theme for this. Got some thought about the journaling bit, mostly concerning graphics. In any case I can't host multiple websites on github for different themes...

So I read some more and there's a thing called project sites, which is basically a lower level site.
